bobbyhack notes

https://www.bobbydurrettdba.com/nethackgame/

nethack@bobbydurrettdba.com

5/23/19

bobbyhack in its current state is some point in the 3.6.2 beta github stream of commits with four of my 
branches merged into it. They are:

tigerfix
silversword
crazyants
building

I have been doing some brainstorming and I want to move forward with bobbyhack as the base branch for 
my own version of nethack. 

At this point the four branches I created are not part of any cohesive plan or adventure but I hope over
time to mold bobbyhack into my own game with some interesting parts to it. Whether I have time to do so
does not matter. Here are some key ideas:

If I want to catch up with newer code from the Dev team create a new branch off of bobbyhack and work out
the merge issues with the new code. Then merge that branch back in.

If I want to work on some new idea make a branch off of bobbyhack and not the main devteam branch (3.6 at this time).
That way I will always be making changes that are compatible with my game. If I ever write something useful I can 
always go back and retrofit the change to be a patch on top of the latest version or the ongoing git stream.

Keep this file in the commits as my notes of what I am doing. If I merge a branch back into bobbyhack it will have 
an updated version of this file. I have taken a similar approach with the repositories that I used for my
Rosetta Code contributions and I like having a log of what I'm doing in a text file on GitHub.

I debated starting bobbyhack over from scratch from the recently released 3.6.2 release but decided to move forward
from bobbyhack as it is today and merge in devteam changes as desired. Also, I thought about not using the four
existing branches because they are not designed to fit into any story or adventure. But, I can always back them out 
later if I decide to not use them. I put time into testing them so I want to keep them in my code.

Last time I rebased bobbyhack and then added in the four branches. I don't really care about rebasing to clean
up the way the commits look. I want to keep my existing bobbyhack commits out there and move forward. I deleted
my rebase.sh script so I would not accidentally redo the rebasing of bobbyhack.

I thought about coming up with some new clever name like Terebynthia or something but I'm already attached to 
bobbyhack so that is another reason to move forward.

I can follow the devteam's latest code in nethack-git repo while keeping bobbyhack in a separate repo.

Probably my first task after creating this notes.txt file will be to try to merge in the 3.6.2 release changes.

